fix: add a note on template format (#1585)
vaadin/docs: articles/create-ui/templates/components.asciidoc

*Example*: Implementing a method in the [classname]`MainPage` class to add a [classname]`Component` to the content of a TypeScript LitElement template element.

[NOTE]

> The return statement in the render method needs to end with a `;` for the parsing finds the template contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return statement in the render method needs to end with a semi-colon (`;`) for the parser to find the template contents.
```
